feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/planck/stdev` (#4913)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/stdev/README.md

<!-- /.references -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/stdev.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_planck_stdev( lambda )

> Evaluates the standard deviation for an planck distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the standard deviation of a Planck distribution with shape parameter `λ`.
```
